# dns-poisoning

This repository contains two tools :
1) an on-path DNS poisoning attack tool, and
2) a passive DNS poisoning attack detector.

It also contains a server file to which the poisoned request is forwarded.
 
They are developed in Go, using the GoPacket library, and support DNS traffic over port 53.

# DNS Poisoning Attack Tool :
The DNS packet injector, named 'dnspoison', captures
the traffic from a network interface in promiscuous mode, and injects forged
responses to selected DNS A requests with the goal of poisoning the cache of
the victim's resolver.

The program conforms to the following specification:

go run dnspoison.go [-i interface] [-f hostnames] [expression]

-i Listen on network device interface (e.g., eth0). If not specified,
dnspoison selects a default interface to listen on. The same
interface should be used for packet injection.
  
-f Read a list of IP address and hostname pairs specifying the hostnames to
be hijacked. If '-f' is not specified, dnspoison forges replies to
all observed requests with the chosen interface's IP address as an answer.

The optional expression argument is a BPF filter that specifies a subset of
the traffic to be monitored. This option is useful for targeting a single
victim or a group of victims.
  
The <hostnames> file should contain one IP and hostname pair per line,
separated by whitespace, in the following format:
  
10.6.6.6 foo.example.com
  
192.168.66.6 bar.example.com
  
# DNS Poisoning Attack Detector :  
  
 The DNS poisoning attack detector, named 'dnsdetect',
captures the traffic from a network interface in promiscuous mode and detects
DNS poisoning attack attempts, such as those generated by our own dnspoison,
or dnsspoof (https://www.monkey.org/~dugsong/dsniff/). Detection is based on
identifying duplicate responses within a short time interval towards the same
destination, which contain different answers for the same A request (i.e., the
observation of the attacker's spoofed response and the server's actual
response). The order of arrival does not matter: the program will raise an alert
irrespectively of whether the attacker's spoofed response arrived before or
after the real response.
  
The program conforms to the following specification:
  
go run dnsdetect.go [-i interface] [-r tracefile] expression
  
-i Listen on network device interface (e.g., eth0). If not specified,
the program selects a default interface to listen on.
  
-r Read packets from tracefile (tcpdump format). Useful for detecting
DNS poisoning attacks in existing network traces.
  
expression is a BPF filter that specifies a subset of the traffic to be
monitored.
  
Once an attack is detected, dnsdetect prints to stdout a detailed alert
containing a printout of both the spoofed and legitimate responses. 
